Cross-linking to relevant guidance (#32070)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/architect-microservice-container-applications/asynchronous-message-based-communication.md

- Using the [Outbox pattern](https://www.kamilgrzybek.com/design/the-outbox-pattern/): a transactional database table as a message queue that will be the base for an event-creator component that would create the event and publish it.

> For a more complete description of the challenges in this space, including how messages with potentially incorrect data can end up being published, see [this guidance](/azure/architecture/reference-architectures/containers/aks-mission-critical/mission-critical-data-platform#every-message-must-be-processed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more complete description of the challenges in this space, including how messages with potentially incorrect data can end up being published, see [Data platform for mission-critical workloads on Azure: Every message must be processed](/azure/architecture/reference-architectures/containers/aks-mission-critical/mission-critical-data-platform#every-message-must-be-processed).
```
